Release 0: Equipping My New Robot

1. Begin by obtaining input from user about which floor number is desired
2. Process audio input and match to corresponding integer internally
3. Process integer to orthographic representation of number
4. See which floor number the user and robot are currently on by matching to visual input from current floor signage
5. 
a) if the current floor number is less than the desired floor number, then press the “up” arrow key outside
b) elsif the current floor number is greater than the desired floor number, then press the “down” button
c) else state “I need you to tell me which floor number you desire!”
6. Wait for the elevator doors to open, located under the lit up “up” or “down” arrow that was desired
7. Move into the elevator with user
	-if user does not enter the elevator after 10 seconds, break the elevator desire cycle
8. Identify the button with the orthographic representation of the desired number
	-if the number is not present, state “You tricked me! There is no floor #{desired number}!”
	-if the user does not step out of the elevator within 10 sec., break the elevator desire cycle and go into “follow” mode
9. After identifying the correct button, press the button
10. Wait until the desired number matches with the lit number of ascending or descending floors
11. When there is a match between the desired number and lit number of current floor, state “We have arrived on floor #[desired number]!”
	-if the user does not step out of the elevator within 10 sec., break the elevator desire cycle and go into “follow” mode
	-else exit the elevator with the user, break the elevator desire cycle, and go into “follow” mode

Release 1: A Real-Life Algorithm
An Algorithm for Making a PB&J Sandwich
1. Obtain a sliced loaf of bread and peanut butter jar from pantry and place on table
	-if bread or pb are not found, break pbnj cycle, else continue to next step
2. Obtain jar of jelly from the fridge and place on table
	-if jar of jelly is not found in fridge, break the pbnj cycle, else continue to next step
3. Go to cupboard, find and grab a plate to use, and place on table
	a) -if a plate is not found, check the dishwasher rack for plate
	-elsif a plate is not found in dishwasher rack, end pbnj cycle, return items placed on table to previous locations
		-while pbnj items are on the table during the returning cycle, state “Not again! That lazy bum never does his dishes!”
	-else continue to next step
4. Grab a knife from the utensils drawer. 
	- if a knife is not found, follow the steps in 3a. but with search for knife instead of plate
5. Open the bag of bread by twisting off tie-rope, unwinding the open end of the bag
6. Reach inside the bag and pull out two slices of bread and place on plate
	-if there is only one slice, follow *special instructions for making pbnj sandwich
7. Open both the pb and j jars, one at a time by twisting off caps to the left
8. Pick up knife off table holding the thick blunt end
9. While holding onto the knife, stick the other end of the knife into the jelly jar so the thin end is covered by jelly
10. Lift knife out of jar, with the thin end’s wide surface area being covered with jelly 
	-while lifting the knife out, it should be parallel with the table so that the jelly goodness remains on the knife
11. Move the knife to hover over one slice of bread
12. Rotate knife 180 degrees and gently lower knife onto bread
13. With the knife, gently spread the jelly around the lighter-colored area of the bread until it is covered with jelly
	-if more jelly is necessary, repeat steps 9-13, else go to the sink
14. Go to the sink and turn water on by lifting the faucet handle
15. Stick knife into the stream of water and move back and forth until the jelly is rinsed off
16. Rotate knife 180 degrees and repeat step 15
17. Turn water off by lowering the faucet handle all the way down
18. Walk back to the table
19. Repeat steps 9-13, replacing jelly with peanut butter
20. Go to the sink and throw knife into sink, state “slam dunk!”
21. Return to table and lift one slice of bread off table
22. Rotate the held slice of bread 180 degrees, and gently press onto other slice of bread sitting on the plate so peanut butter and jelly converge
23. State “Your midnight snack is ready, ser!”
24. Switch to stand-by mode
	
